I am a little red bell pepper I'm shiny
look at me twirl in the Sun okay here's
the deal grandma has a fever you go
visit her bye okay enjoying my work on
this sunny day why hello there little
red bell pepper who are you my name is
Frank what's your name Elsie Beckmann oh
I see where are you going little red
bell pepper I'm going to Grandma's she's
sick hmm where does your grandma live
over the river and through the woods
well alrighty then well I have to go I
have an appointment with the spoon okay
grandma I'm here grandma come closer my
child grandma you have a fever you look
hot the better to spice you up my dear
grandma your skin looks droopy the
better too well you see when you get to
be my age things tend to get a little
droopy wait a minute you are grandma
you're right I'm really uh banana